It's not like that.
Listen to me explain to you
What do you mean my parents' death has something to do with you?
Your parents' death is lazy
Song Manshuo
You came to Yuncheng three years ago for me
It turned out that he wanted to use Xu's Group as a stepping stone?
No wonder you are so fast.
Get the patent documents inside Xu's
In your heart
That's who I am.
Then you tell me
The death of you and my parents
Does it matter?
Let's go back and I'll explain it to you slowly, okay?
Nope.
After Shen hears about this in the future, I will check it myself
From now on we have no more melons
Xu Xintinglan
Listen to Lan, you must not say it out loud.
He is your father after all
When my father and my mother were seriously ill in the hospital
He took the money and squandered it at the casino
It doesn't matter if the package is lost abroad
Does he deserve to be a father?
I didn't teach him well.
It's my old man's fault
He robbed Golighton three years ago
jacketeer
Parents drove them to a dead end
Grandpa, you begged me the same
But what about the message?
What's wrong with him?